<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[Home](./index.md) &gt; [@web5/crypto](./crypto.md) &gt; [Jose](./crypto.jose.md) &gt; [jwkThumbprint](./crypto.jose.jwkthumbprint.md)

## Jose.jwkThumbprint() method

Computes the thumbprint of a JSON Web Key (JWK) using the method specified in RFC 7638. This function accepts RSA, EC, OKP, and oct keys and returns the thumbprint as a base64url encoded SHA-256 hash of the JWK's required members, serialized and sorted lexicographically.

Purpose: - Uniquely Identifying Keys: The thumbprint allows the unique identification of a specific JWK within a set of JWKs. It provides a deterministic way to generate a value that can be used as a key identifier (kid) or to match a specific key.

- Simplifying Key Management: In systems where multiple keys are used, managing and identifying individual keys can become complex. The thumbprint method simplifies this by creating a standardized, unique identifier for each key.

- Enabling Interoperability: By standardizing the method to compute a thumbprint, different systems can compute the same thumbprint value for a given JWK. This enables interoperability among systems that use JWKs.

- Secure Comparison: The thumbprint provides a way to securely compare JWKs to determine if they are equivalent.

**Signature:**

```typescript
static jwkThumbprint(options: {
        key: JsonWebKey;
    }): Promise<string>;
```

## Parameters

|  Parameter | Type | Description |
|  --- | --- | --- |
|  options | { key: [JsonWebKey](./crypto.jsonwebkey_2.md)<!-- -->; } |  |

**Returns:**

Promise&lt;string&gt;

The thumbprint as a base64url encoded string.

## Exceptions

{<!-- -->Error<!-- -->} Throws an error if the provided key type is unsupported.

## Example

const jwk: PublicKeyJwk = { 'kty': 'EC', 'crv': 'secp256k1', 'x': '61iPYuGefxotzBdQZtDvv6cWHZmXrTTscY-u7Y2pFZc', 'y': '88nPCVLfrAY9i-wg5ORcwVbHWC\_tbeAd1JE2e0co0lU' }<!-- -->;

const thumbprint = jwkThumbprint(jwk); console.log(`JWK thumbprint: ${thumbprint}`<!-- -->);

